Docs:Hybrid Agent Log Forwarding and ANR reporting Release (#18181)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/configure-settings.mdx

                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
       <tr>
            <td>
                Enable or disable the adding of distributed tracing headers to network requests.

                Default value is `true`.

>                 Refer to [How New Relic distributed tracing works](/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/how-new-relic-distributed-tracing-works#browser-spans) for more information on distributed tracing in mobile apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                For more information on distributed tracing in mobile apps, see [browser and mobile trace reporting](/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/how-new-relic-distributed-tracing-works#browser-spans)
```
